this episode of gizmo slip is brought to
you by jack threads what's up Internet
Brandon Bolden here welcome to gizmo
slip show we drop testing latest on
technology today we're bringing you the
Nexus alright guys so we're gonna be job
testing the Nexus 4 on the back corner
and front from four feet see if it
survives if it does we're gonna be
giving the way to you guys if it doesn't
we're gonna be destroying it
spectacularly let's go ahead and get to
the first drop right now we got a good
friend wil here to help us hold the sign
today I knew that's going to get to the
first drop from four feet on the back
upon further review backdrop and valley
side drop ok guys love that backdrop
kind of turned a little bit it's pretty
windy out don't know if that really
affected it or not but anyway it turned
and hit the site directly on the corner
so we're gonna go and count that as
looks like the phone is not damaged at
all like there's no dents in it as far
as I can tell okay there's a little bit
of scratching on this corner but the
screen is actually completely ok let's
go for another backdrop and see how it
does backdrop
solid backdrop makes me proud to be a
drunk it's good
alright let's go and take a look at the
second backdrop or I guess it's a
secondly the first one but it's got a
little bit of stuff scratching right
here little bit scratching right here
other than that it's actually looking
completely okay there's no damage to the
front of the screen let's go ahead and
move on to the face down okay so we're
going to the drop on the face from four
feet this is the test that most phones
fail let's see how the nexus 4 does
Fair Play alright let's go ahead and see
if the Nexus 4 survived it did not look
at that the screen is completely
shattered and there's glass tiny little
grass shards coming up from the screen
and even it's a little a few missing and
it looks like the screens not even
responsive right now it's not even
reacting to anything I'm doing the power
off still works but yeah the screen is
no longer functional alright guys well
since the Nexus 4 failed to drop to us
we're gonna be destroying it
spectacularly and to do that we're gonna
be posting that video on Monday to give
us a little extra times whip up
something special for it as you know
these videos are brought to you by
sponsors which we partner with each week
so this week we're partnering with Jack
Transcom and they basically provide
alternative apparel brands like Kidrobot
Hurley at discounted prices so if you're
into those kinds of clothes go check it
out it's totally worth it as an
invite-only website where you get
extreme discounts up to 80% off which is
just awesome so go there to jack
threads.com force life to gizmo sign up
through that link and you get an invite
to the exclusive store to do that right
now
thread stuff all right guys the common
question of the day is if you could be
any animal in the entire world what
would you be and what would you do as
that animal also we opposed it'd be
giveaway winners and we've actually
mailed out all the items so Merry
Christmas everybody I'm sorry if you
didn't win but we're gonna be giving
away lots of new stuff so don't forget
to subscribe like some Facebook and all
that other stuff and that's to craft
more videos we'll see you guys soon as
in Monday because we're gonna be
destroying this thing
and I hope you guys have a great weekend
and Happy Holidays